# BK Enterprises Sales Dashboard


Business Analytics With Excel
-----------------------------------

DESCRIPTION

Bussiness objective

We have sales data for a bussiness  for year 2022 having information about sales , product categories ,target customers and more.This company have different online and offline sales channel. So, the Company wants to design a Sales dashboard to analyze the sales based on various parameters such as product categories,different sales channel, revenue generated for the given year, top products and more. 
The company wants to also see revenue and sales trend month-wise.

												
<b>1. Data importing</b>												
												
<b>2. Data cleaning</b>
												
a. checking for null values 

b.checking for data type which should be appropriate and same throughout the column												
c. changed for category in gender column which had two names for same category												
												
												
<b>3.Data processing</b>

a.created a new column to divide the customers in different age groups												
b.created a column to extract month from date		


												
<b>4.Data analysis</b>	

a. Highest revenue and sales were seen in march, sales were around 2800 and revenue generated was around 1.92 million.												
b. Maharashtra was the top state with highest revenue 2.99 M followed by Karnataka and Uttar Pradesh.												
c. Maximum (around 35.5% )of total revenue was from Amazon followed by Myntra and flipkart.												
d. Maximum customers are from middle age group i.e between 30-50 yrs.												
e. Sets are the top selling product items followed by kurtis.												
f. There is almost an equal contribution from both the genders but maximum revenue is generated by customers in middle age group.												
